# Notes
1. do you want to present tasks with language instructions?
	1. does task instructions fully carve up how people carve up task?

# Raw
1. policy learning:
  - all you need to predict this curve is that humans learn the task
  - no predictions about how people are composing things?

2. when present predictions:

3. wall time not length


his questions:
4. how are tasks presented to subjects?
  - synthetic language?


5. what do you hope to learn?
  - concern: people carve up task in ways that correspond to task instructions
    - length 1 tasks might be a good space of subgoals

6. what could be helpful?
  - one more level concrete:
    - take one task of length 6 or 9 that's described in some way
    - show me two different trees
    - then show how those two trees would lead to diff empirical observations in behavior?
      - which tree subject is using

    - do this with procedural

7. what would it mean for human/agent to have 1 kind of decomposition vs. another?
  - what would be empirical observations of human that have one or other


8. why might they use subgoals?
  (a) force them
  (b) length of tasks require them




CONCRETE EXAMPLE of (w/ or w/o language)
important for rick to understand: how are obs different such that human (a) does way X and human (b) does Y.
- action order
- active + inactive subgoals


  language setting
    - if people use subgoals, reflects language used to describe task
    - give them text box and ask them to record w/o 

  non-language setting:
    - tell them names of objects
    - text box


RELATED WORK:
- classic work on problem solving
- thinking aloud