* classical AI: gifted symbols
    * why would discover correct primitives now?

* why is this different from giant networks?
    * don't think it's in opposition: why?
    * how do we get big netowrks to reliably learn and generalize primitives?
    * need to design tests that which (a) SHOW primitives are learned via appropriate generalization exams.


VIVEK:
    - predictions for layer 1 are questions for layer 2
    - predictions for layer n are questions for layer n+1
    - layer 4 predicts option 

    CHALLENGE:
        - using low-level sensory-interaction to learn semantingly meaningful knowledge to humans
        - somewhat provided a thought-experiment about how it could work. plausible thought-experiment.
        - assumptions options are well-defined...
        - whether forecasts can generalize across domains...
            - new rooms, new obstacles, etc.

        - learning answers to deeper layers is challenging because of partially observable. bootstrapping issues. needs to solve certain problems first. all feeding back as input. everything incorrect for bootstrapping. not shocking works but not obvious. also issue of off-policy. 


Never-ending RL (formal theoretical - Satinder):
    - what's dif between algo + policy?
        - in MDP: mapping state to action. algo adapts.
        - not in MDP: 
            - might learn LSTM: maps hist to action
            - algo is mapping from hist to action
            - why interesting: 
                - in some situations, better for policy to not converge
                - but algo should be fixed. e.g. q-learning with lr, etc.
                - algo fixed but policy is not...
                    - policy shouldn't converge
                    - could have fixed objective, but policy still doesn't converge
            - options:
                - can say e.g. lstm is policy, rest is algo...
                - how do you do that abstractly?

    - what does it mean for agent to know something???
        - witout making assumptions by fiat
        - just agent that matches history --> actions