# Tuesday, June 1, 2021

Two baselines:

* RIMs = 
* Daniel Zoran's = ConvLSTM


Be clear about:
* what is a schema?
* what do you mean by dynamics?



Use Schemata a set of parameters that are used to query fragments of the environment
* maybe drop dynamics





## From discussions with murray
template: skeletal structure that we impose on the world

* we have a repertoire of these templates that we impose on the world
* interesting book: metaphors we live by.
  * abstract metaphors we use: e.g. "journey"



scripts:

* restaurant script:
  * stereotypical pattern of actors, objects, etc.
* social script







got some great RL results

* this way of doing things leads us to results that are needed for real-world applications



do we want to do this without the cognitive science perspective?



strategy review:

* satinder

technical review:

* Felix Hill
* Re work





# Satinder's comments

* LSTMs don't do well in certain things and we do much better?
  * is there existing domains in which LSTMs have already been evaluated on those things?
  * can you prove that your LSTM isn't just broken?
  * why not pick a more standard where LSTMs do well for a while and then fail?



# Chris

* what's a schema?
* have you tried a more non-linear mask? ablation: relu
* environment:
  * objects are never blocking, just need to navigate around them
* experiments:
  * be clear that overfitting
  * ablations:
    * number of heads: will architecture fail with 1 head? for any with distractors?
    * attention mask: what does this break?
    * can do sweep of number of heads for 1 env?
  * do you have any idea about which heads are and aren't being used?
  * what happens if you don't have enough heads? e.g. 2 heads for 4 ballerinas?
  * interesting task:
    * dynamics evolving at different time-scales?
      * really big difference (every 1, every 10, every 50 time-steps)
        * this would require transformer to go across chunks
      * what happens at time-step 150 tells you the answer
  * where does mean over chunk fail?




* learn to recognize arbitrary environment fragments
  * recognize based on appearance
  * recognize based on dynamics
  * objects, sets of objects

* learn to incorporate and retain them into agent state