# Friday, May 28, 2021

## Research Statement

  * I'm interested in understanding the faculties that give rise to the human capacity to adapt to a broad range of ecological situations
* what are the mechanisms that underlie it?
* why does it manifest the way it does?
  - what are the cognitive faculties that enable human's capacity to adapt to a broad range of ecological situations?
  - what are the computational mechanisms that underlie them?
  - why does human adaptation manifest the way it does?









* what kind of adaptation am I interested in?
  * people can handle novel situations when they're driving in cars
    * some amount of it involves recognizing  situations that a person has never experienced
  * likewise with interacting with people
  * cognitive scientist







planning let's you break the habit of following the things you've experienced most and learned from
you can 









  * for example, when we interact with people from  
  * generalize their behavioral policies to respond to 
  * for example, people stereotype each other and other objects.
  * why do they do that?
  * what does it mean to generalize? can we reach a more mechanistic explanation of that?
  * Specifically, I'm interested if we can capture when "stereotyping" like behavior emerges as an agent learns schema to represent fragments of the world 







examples of research I plan to pursue:

* I want to characterize schemata
* I want to theorize about what computational mechanisms allow generalization in humans







* My long term research goals are to provide and corroborate theories for the computational mechanisms subserving adaptation.
* stages for theory
  * observe a form of adaptation humans are adept 
    * or observe a modelling bias humans seem to have
    * read about machine learning, cognitive science, and neuroscience <-- this can also give examples
  * think about a general computational mechanism that can may give rise to it  
  * find an environment that exhibits this challenge or build it if it doesn't
    * try to build this basic bias into an AI and see if it helps the agent perform this task
    * see if it helps a variety of other environments in an exploratory manner to discover how it might interact with other aspects of intelligence
  * I use this step to reject theories. I stand by the motto/what I have learned from machine learning (especially Satinder): if we have an ability, its probably because its useful for something.
    * Of course don't apply this to all aspects of humanity, but it's a useful perspective to apply.
  * Once I have come to a theory that seems promising, is relatively simple, and well connected to existing theory, I would like to work with cognitive scientists and neuroscientists to study if this could explain either neural or psychological data

My goal of working with cognitive scientists and neuroscientists is the reason I am applying to this program. I would like to travel to meet people to collaborate and be mentored by on how to pursue this last pasth. 







* a formal characterization of schemata
  * some of their descriptions seem to correspond to options
  * other descriptions seem to correspend to predictive state representations
  * others seem to correspond to learning dynamics models
  * what is the relationship between these strands?
  * is there a unifying perspective?









# How would I roughly categorize the three paragraphs?

* Wh